README.md, before:

# Pizzatron3000-Bot

## Created by MikeCuzzo: https://mikecuzzo.github.io/

Pizzatron9000-Bot is an automation script for playing the Pizzatron 3000 mini-game New Club Penguin game. The bot interacts with the game window, taking screenshots of orders, reading the text using OCR, and adding various toppings to the pizza based on the order. It uses color-based mouse movements to simulate user actions and add ingredients like cheese, sauce, seaweed, shrimp, squid, and fish.

## Requirements

To run Pizzatron3000-Bot, you will need:

- Python 3.x
- Required Python libraries:
  - pygetwindow
  - pyautogui
  - pillow (PIL)
  - pytesseract
- A 'New Club Penguin' window running on your computer

### Ensure that you have the necessary permissions to run programs as an administrator for interaction with the game.

How to Use
Run Program as Administrator: To ensure the bot can interact with the game window properly, open your Python program as an administrator.
If in VSCode, run that as administrator

## Recommended: Disable Ads

Open New Club Penguin: Launch New Club Penguin (the game).

Inspect Element in New Club Penguin (Ctrl + Shift + I):

Paste the following script in the Console tab to block ads:

`function adblocker() {
document.querySelectorAll("[data-google-query-id]").forEach(e => e.remove())
}

setInterval(adblocker, 5000)`

## Run the Bot: Execute the Python script (main.py) to begin automating the pizza ordering process. The bot will:

- Take screenshots of the current order.
- Use OCR (Optical Character Recognition) to extract text and identify the ingredients requested.
- Add the corresponding toppings (cheese, seaweed, shrimp, squid, fish) and adjust the hot sauce based on the order.
- The bot will continue running until it processes 40 orders, adding the appropriate ingredients to each pizza.

Functions

- `take_order()`: Captures an order from the game and processes the ingredients.
- `add_cheese()`, add_seaweed(), add_shrimp(), add_squid(), add_fish(): Simulate adding toppings to the pizza based on the order.
- `add_sauce()`: Adds hot sauce based on the detected text.
- `find_color_position()`: Locates the position of a specified color on the screen.
- `move_to_color()`: Moves the mouse to the detected color on the screen and simulates a click.
- `main()`: Initializes the script and starts the automation process.

### Notes

- The script uses OCR (pytesseract) to read the order from a screenshot, which means the order text must be clearly visible.
- The bot simulates mouse movements and clicks based on the screen's colors, which means the game window must be positioned correctly.
- Ensure the correct window title (New Club Penguin) is used to find and interact with the game.

### Troubleshooting

- "NewCp.exe window not found": This message indicates the bot couldn't find the New Club Penguin window. Make sure the game window is open and properly named.
  OCR errors: If the OCR is not reading the text correctly, try adjusting the screenshot region or the quality of the screen resolution.

## TODO

- Finish the Bot:

Refine the bot’s handling of more diverse orders, ensuring it can interpret additional pizza ingredients.
Implement error handling for unexpected scenarios (e.g., missing or incomplete orders).
Improve the speed and efficiency of the mouse movements to mimic human behavior more accurately.

- Implement Dessert mode: Same core functionality, but within the dessert mode setting

## Disclaimer

This script is intended for educational purposes only. It is important to respect the terms of service of any platform or game you interact with and use automation tools responsibly. The use of this bot in online environments where cheating is prohibited may result in penalties or bans. Always ensure you are adhering to the rules and guidelines set forth by the respective platform.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

Improved ingredient reading from board

README.md, after:

# Pizzatron3000-Bot

## Created by MikeCuzzo: https://mikecuzzo.github.io/

Pizzatron9000-Bot is an automation script for playing the Pizzatron 3000 mini-game New Club Penguin game. The bot interacts with the game window, taking screenshots of orders, reading the text using OCR, and adding various toppings to the pizza based on the order. It uses color-based mouse movements to simulate user actions and add ingredients like cheese, sauce, seaweed, shrimp, squid, and fish.

## Requirements

To run Pizzatron3000-Bot, you will need:

- Python 3.x
- Required Python libraries:
  - pygetwindow
  - pyautogui
  - pillow (PIL)
  - pytesseract
- A 'New Club Penguin' window running on your computer

### Ensure that you have the necessary permissions to run programs as an administrator for interaction with the game.

How to Use
Run Program as Administrator: To ensure the bot can interact with the game window properly, open your Python program as an administrator.
If in VSCode, run that as administrator

## Recommended: Disable Ads

Open New Club Penguin: Launch New Club Penguin (the game).

Inspect Element in New Club Penguin (Ctrl + Shift + I):

Paste the following script in the Console tab to block ads:

`function adblocker() {
document.querySelectorAll("[data-google-query-id]").forEach(e => e.remove())
}

setInterval(adblocker, 5000)`

## Run the Bot: Execute the Python script (main.py) to begin automating the pizza ordering process. The bot will:

- Take screenshots of the current order.
- Use OCR (Optical Character Recognition) to extract text and identify the ingredients requested.
- Add the corresponding toppings (cheese, seaweed, shrimp, squid, fish) and adjust the hot sauce based on the order.
- The bot will continue running until it processes 40 orders, adding the appropriate ingredients to each pizza.

Functions

- `take_order()`: Captures an order from the game and processes the ingredients.
- `add_cheese()`, add_seaweed(), add_shrimp(), add_squid(), add_fish(): Simulate adding toppings to the pizza based on the order.
- `add_sauce()`: Adds hot sauce based on the detected text.
- `find_color_position()`: Locates the position of a specified color on the screen.
- `move_to_color()`: Moves the mouse to the detected color on the screen and simulates a click.
- `main()`: Initializes the script and starts the automation process.

### Notes

- The script uses OCR (pytesseract) to read the order from a screenshot, which means the order text must be clearly visible.
- The bot simulates mouse movements and clicks based on the screen's colors, which means the game window must be positioned correctly.
- Ensure the correct window title (New Club Penguin) is used to find and interact with the game.

### Troubleshooting

- "NewCp.exe window not found": This message indicates the bot couldn't find the New Club Penguin window. Make sure the game window is open and properly named.
  OCR errors: If the OCR is not reading the text correctly, try adjusting the screenshot region or the quality of the screen resolution.

## TODO

- Finish the Bot:

  - Improve sauce administration speed and accuracy
  - Improve cheese drop accuracy
  - Fix color coding, so that ingredients aren't mistaken for others
    - Regions could be the fix
    - Predefining ingredient coordinateds during Turn 1 is another idea
  - Impliment more error handling and fail safes, incase of unforseen errors or glitches

- Implement Dessert mode: Same core functionality, but within the dessert mode setting

## Disclaimer

This script is intended for educational purposes only. It is important to respect the terms of service of any platform or game you interact with and use automation tools responsibly. The use of this bot in online environments where cheating is prohibited may result in penalties or bans. Always ensure you are adhering to the rules and guidelines set forth by the respective platform.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.
